you find it hard to make and maintain
human connection right
are you sad
you feeling empty
it's hard to be there for people you
love him
[Music]
when it all goes wrong ain't nobody
checking for you but you you're on your
own see
and this the only thing that you
can trust is that you can't trust
not nobody not ever not even your own
mom
so after everything season one finished
with kanan telling us that even he can't
trust raquel and it really seems like
kanan felt what lacey said to him in
power it was hard for kanan to be there
for people he loved because he finds it
hard to maintain human connection and
that scene would definitely go a lot
more deeper throughout raising canaan
but caine's duration was caused by a
series of events where the power
universe incorporates the 48 laws of
power within the events that take place
for certain characters to give us a
better understanding of why a character
is the way they are and why they're
making the chess moves that they're
making nakonikam did an interview a few
years ago where she said her and 50 are
both students of the fourteen laws of
power and this is how they're telling
the story through these laws and a small
elite from powerbook to ghost tariq
actually studied the 48 laws of power
himself in his canonical studies class
in week 7 and no doubt he'd start to
adopt some of these laws in season 2 but
these are going to be the top 5 moments
in raising kanan season 1 in relation to
the 48 laws of power so there won't be
specific moments but rather series of
events which paint the whole picture of
how that situation incorporated that
particular power of law so these are
going to be the laws that we're going to
be going through which is law five so
much depends on your reputation guard it
with your life law 14 pose as a friend
and work as a spy law 3 conceal your
intentions and low 26 keep your hands
clean and low 25 recreate yourself but
of course if you're new to the channel
and you haven't done so already then
remember to smash the subscribe button
if you don't see everything powerbook 3
and power universe related let's get
straight in with law five guarding your
reputation with your life we'll see a
lot of characters trying to guard their
reputation just like raquel has done
because reputation is integral to power
by having a strong reputation you can
control influence and intimidate those
around you whether it be an enemy such
as unique or even someone as close to
you as a brother lulu but if someone
comes for your reputation you have to
strike back in episode 8 we saw
detective howard threaten raqqa's
reputation he told her that she doesn't
allow him to talk to kanan and tell him
who he is he'll put the word out that
he's a cops kid but he'll be okay
because he'll protect him but the hood
would call reckless snitch for a
cop and this is what raquel couldn't
risk she couldn't risk her queen pin
reputation and have people thinking she
was a snitch and this led to a series of
events which she then put in motion to
protect her reputation she had lou still
unique jacket which she was gonna use to
frame unique once she killed detective
howard because she had to guard a
reputation with her life but as lou was
hospitalized the person that she turned
to was kanan and this is where her love
for kanan turned into an extension of
herself as lou told her that she had her
own son shoot a cop she had to protect
her reputation at all costs and even if
it meant using kanan to kill detective
howard because although i do believe she
loves kanan it doesn't outweigh her need
for power and control as she showed with
detective howard and a conversation with
lulu now although some of the 48 laws of
power work well others don't and one
which was quick to be thrown back on
approach was law 14 pose as a friend and
work as a spy racquet wanted ears and
eyes inside of unique's organization she
wanted to know what he was planning when
he was carrying out his plans because
when you know your enemy's secrets you
can predict their plans and control the
situation and this can be key to gaining
power but the use of scrappy was risky
because racket couldn't control what
happens in unix organization scrappy
could have inadvertently given her away
or even worse maybe start to work
against raquel but we all knew scrappy
is as loyal as they come so working
against rag was never going to happen
but unique put this to the test he asked
him a warrell to go and smoke lua's
showcase and this is where he was made
this left scrappy with one eye and a
kidney and now he's laying low for the
time being and this kicked off a series
of events where do try to get revenge
for scrappy and kill warrell someone who
will no doubt have more of an increased
role now that unique is in prison but
with scrappy he now has kanan's respect
and kanan also has scrappies so this is
a relationship we should keep an eye on
as well as crappy climb in the ranks of
the thomas organization as he's slowly
been doing in season one but we may not
have seen the end conclusion of law 14
because scrappy still needs to be
and span with nothing connected to him
which could be because he's presumed
dead so this power of law could very
well work in raqqa's favor after all but
let's talk about law 3 conceding your
intentions by keeping your enemies in
the dark and guessing they'll find it
difficult to counter your moves and by
the time they've actually realized what
you've done is too late and how racket
did this was by telling unique in the
second episode that when she comes for
him he'll never see it coming
making sure he wasn't myself
bruh
you won't see me coming in
and younique realized in the very last
episode of the season that raqqa did
warn him that he would never see it
coming rock
you know told me when the time
came i want to see her coming
she was right
but by that point it was too late
because raqqa concealed their intentions
so well unique was powerless for what
was about to happen next racket put the
wheels in motion when she called lu in
episode 8 to get her dry cleaning from
harlem meaning unique's jacket lou was
originally the one who was supposed to
kill detective howard but instead the
task was then given to kanan and the way
this was planned was very smart from
raquel it really was some clever chess
moves using the principles of law three
concealing her intentions and this leads
me on nicely to law 26 which is keeping
your hands clean and sometimes leaders
are gonna have to take care of mistakes
like rock allowed to clean up a lot of
canon's mistakes and you're gonna have
to take care of a lot of messy
situations as raquel had with unique
trying to take her business and
detective howard trying to tell kane the
truth about who he is but as important
as it was to get rid of these two
problems it was also important for rako
to keep her hands clean and find others
to handle the problems for her while
disguising her own involvement with what
was about to go down and although
detective howard and unique both know
who is ultimately responsible for what
happened to them they can't prove it and
this is what great leaders do they were
able to hide their involvement and when
push comes to shove there's someone else
ready to blame so the more quickly you
can shift the attention to someone else
the better it is for you and this is how
raqqa stays in control and in power by
having others do the work for you while
she sits back at the church dressed in
red as the devil creating her alibi she
used the lore 26's teachings keeping her
hands clean but let's talk about law 25
recreate yourself and how this series of
events had a big impact on jukebox and
how she's the master at creating her own
image now everybody is born with a
certain character which is shaped by
their family and experiences that
they've faced but to gain a sense of
power you have to create a powerful
image change your appearance and emotion
to suit the occasion just like our
jukebox change her appearance and
emotions to suit when she was with
nicole because nicole was able to bring
the laverne out of jukebox she was even
able to recreate her own image something
that we don't associate jukebox wearing
but she did it for nicole she even went
as far as to telling her that she'd stop
boosting because she wanted to leave her
life behind and this is the impact that
nicole had on juke she was able to
recreate herself until the major turning
point which was nicole's death as i
mentioned everyone has a character that
is shaped by their experiences and
jukebox is someone who has suffered loss
heartbreak and pain but she she's
someone who's aware of the world that
they live in and she's also quickly
adapted to this world except in nicole's
death which is why she's able to see
straight through kanan and now we're
going to see her using the principles of
law 25 and taking control and recreating
her character as jukebox the image that
allows it to show power and strength the
image that we see when she flips from
her character of laverne to jukebox so
those are five key series of events that
we've seen play out through raising
kanan in relation to the 48 laws of
power so let me know what you guys think
down below in the comments section drop
me your favorite moment it doesn't have
to be related to the 48 laws of power
but let me know what your top moment was
in raising canaan and if you want me to
make a similar video for the original
power show then just let me know down
below in the comment section as well and
for those of you who are new to my
channel then remember to smash the
subscribe button if you don't see
everything powerbook 3 empower universe
related but as always thank you guys for
watching and i'll see you
next time